Submitted Abstract
-------------

Digital Humanities centers are increasingly found in libraries, rather than in departments. It is often argued that this is a practical move, since libraries facilitate greater interdisciplinary collaboration. While the disciplines are moving into the physical space of the library, few are deeply invested in moving their curricula into the library’s intellectual space. Additionally, as libraries scramble to accommodate the various material and infrastructural needs of digital humanists, they struggle to incorporate the questions of the digital humanities into their graduate curricula. In this article, Micah Vandegrift and Sarah Stanley will discuss their respective graduate educations (LIS and English, respectively) to illuminate the ways that current educational systems create miscommunications between library professionals and those trained in traditional humanities programs. We will review a collection of self-described “digital humanities” syllabi from the past five years, in order to illustrate the ways in which digital humanities’ integration into the curriculum does not typically emphasize efficient and meaningful cross-disciplinary collaboration. Through taking this “distant g(r)aze” of Digital Humanities syllabi from the past five years, we will demonstrate the ways in which library and humanities teaching is failing to bridge the gap between graduate education, and therefore graduates, in these various departments. It is our goal to show how teaching approaches from library schools and the humanities often fail to converge, and this disconnect makes collaboration across disciplines difficult. We will gesture towards pedagogical alternatives that we hope will address the shifting mode of labor in digital humanities, and inspire both library curricula and traditional humanities programs to attend to the issues of collaboration in these new modes of scholarship.
